- Previously on
"The Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills"...
- So you know I'm designing
the Kitson window?
Such an incredible
honor for me,
so I really want to nail it.
Where is my elastic short?
- I forgot.
- Oh, my God.
- I just feel that,
Dorit, there's
a little bit of phoniness,
and I don't know
where she's at.
- What did she say?
Can't you just say--
- I can't say it.
She should say it to you.
[upbeat music]
- This was the first house
after my divorce.
Sh--, it looks like
some horror movie.
That was my house
that was all mine.
Wow.
- Cheers.
- Don't pretend you don't
drink, Dorit.
- I'm done with this.
No way. Mm-hmm.
- Really ----ing
lightweights.
- No,
I just think you're drunk.
- I don't think you enjoy
being with us.
- I don't.
- So are you trying
to push me out?
- We're all trying to have
a good time,
and it feels ----ing
awkward.
- I kind of feel a little
bullied right now.
- You guys want
to make up sh--? Good.
- Erika?
[door slams]
- And I don't want
to (BLEEP) up ever.
[upbeat music]
- In the game of life,
it's Rinna take all.
♪ ♪
- Most people talk
about their fantasies.
I'm living mine.
- In business and in life,
I wear many hats
and hairstyles.
- You can stab me in the back,
but whilst you're there,
kiss my ass.
- I'm not afraid of hard work,
but I'll never
do your dirty work.
- My problem
with the tabloids?
My real life
is so much juicier.
- In Beverly Hills,
the truth always has a way
of rising to the top.
[jaunty music]
♪ ♪
- Ugh.
Kyle?
♪ ♪
- I can't live my life today.
Girl, are you nuts
putting that light on?
- We have to wake up.
I kind of remember
coming down to dinner.
Oh, yeah, I love to get drunk
and then change
into fancy formal wear.
- Oh, hi.
- You're all late.
- Erika's like,
"We're all lit." Are you lit?
- It's, like, so blurry.
- Ah!
- Get down.
- Mm-hmm, I'm really
proud of it, really proud.
You want to know
the worst thing?
I think I was crying
last night.
- You were.
- No!
- Here's the thing:
sometimes life
is ----ing uncomfortable.
- I want life to be...
- I know, but it's not.
Life is not perfect.
- Oh, my God.
- I feel bad about it, Erika,
because, like...
- What?
- I don't even think I got up
to--I wasn't able to even say--
- I don't know what
you're talking about.
What happened?
Are we in a fight?
Is anybody fighting?
- Well, Erika said
something like,
"Are you guys trying
to push me out?"
- Did she?
- Yeah. She left the table.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Rinna.
- Oh, well,
good morning, ladies.
- Good morning.
- Hi.
- [whines]
- This seems
very important today.
- How you doing?
- Rinna.
- Come here, Teddi.
- Why was I crying last night?
- Rinna was your therapist
last night.
- When I see things going
uncomfortably--
- Ted, you can't
fix everything,
'cause it makes you feel
out of control...
- Yeah. I know.
- And very unsafe.
- She doesn't remember--she
said she didn't come to dinner.
- She said that Erika
left the dinner.
I don't even remember that.
- I'm just really impressed
that Teddi's even upright,
let alone remembers
the evening.
Here's what happened, guys:
you don't think
she has fun with us.
You don't think she wants
to be here with us.
- But did I say
that last night?
- Yes, I believe you did.
- [scoffs]
- You did, for sure.
Kyle, I think you need to say
what you need to say.
- What did I say?
- That you don't think that
Erika's having fun with us.
- I did say that, yes.
- What are you talking about?
I've had the best time.
- Do you like being
around this group?
- Well, yeah.
- I don't think you enjoy
being with us.
- I don't.
- I couldn't articulate
what I was trying to say,
and then I think I, like,
let it go.
Sometimes, with Erika, I
get my feelings hurt thinking,
"Is she not
having fun with me?
Is she in a bad mood?
Did I do something?"
- Do you know what I mean?
- I just thought
I was being honest
and said that's what I think.
I didn't think
it was a big deal.
I, like, let it go.
- I think you have
to talk to her.
- Please tell me
there's no mimosas.
Again? Are you just in
a perennial state of tears?
- I'm not crying.
This is how I actually
just look today.
- What are we doing today,
Kyle?
Are we gonna do archery?
- Yeah. Let's do the archery.
- Oh, fun.
- Do you have a headache?
- No. I just have anxiety.
- It's gonna be okay.
- You'll be fine.
Don't have any more coffee.
- Everything's gonna be okay.
- I didn't even have one sip.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- I'm disappointed
in Kyle and in Teddi.
You know, I've been
a good friend to these girls.
This could be...the worst.
What happened last night?
That was not cool.
- Hello.
- Come in.
- Hi.
- Jammies.
- How are you?
- Good, good. Did you go to--
- I went down there.
- Okay.
- Teddi doesn't remember
anything from last night.
She doesn't remember
anything she said,
so they're probably gonna
come to you and talk to you,
and they feel bad.
And so just
a little warning that--
- Rage and regret.
Rage and--
- Yeah, but they do feel badly
this morning, so that's that.
- Yeah. I'm sure.
- Okay?
- I'm sure they're devastated.
Yeah. Devastated.
[upbeat music]
- Let's do the archery.
- This weather is gorgeous.
- It feels Los Angeles-y.
- It really does.
- How you doing?
- Good. I feel better.
- Good.
- This way.
When you're in
a group of women
and there are
unresolved feelings
or there's something
that hasn't been said yet,
you feel it in the air.
- Hi.
- Kyle.
- Marie.
- Marie, nice to meet you.
- Erika.
- Thierry. Nice to meet you.
- Not very comfortable.
- Are you ready?
- As ready as we're gonna be.
- How do--I don't even know
how to hold this.
- I don't know if I want
to stand next to Kyle.
- I don't know
if you do, either.
- If anybody's mad at me,
please point these
in the other direction.
Ooh. I got pretty close.
- [laughs]
- Pull, pull, okay.
Hey!
- Whoa!
- You must...
- Look at the target.
- Yes.
- I still didn't hit it.
- Now, if you want to--
- Perfect.
♪ ♪
- Very good. Nice.
- Yay. Erika got it.
- (BLEEP) yeah I did.
- Come on, Rinna. You got this.
♪ ♪
- Oh.
I'm very athletic,
I'm very competitive,
and this is really
pissing me off.
I can't hit that sh--
to save my life.
Okay, it's really
pissing me off.
I'm not gonna stop
until I hit this.
What is wrong with me?
all: Yay!
- Finally!
- Thank the Lord.
Whew.
- Merci beaucoup.
- Ah, de rein.
- Merci.
- Okay.
- Can we talk?
- I would like to talk
to Erika,
but I don't really feel like
I should do that with her.
- Yeah.
Kyle, you should do it
however you feel.
- Yeah. I don't want
to do it right now.
I don't want to
invade their space.
- Um, I wanted to start
by apologizing.
I'm sorry.
I am taking full responsibility
for bad behavior last night.
What I was trying to say is,
one-on-one
or when you and I
are talk--like,
I mean, you are above kind,
and you're a good friend.
You're nice,
like, all of those things.
And then sometimes
when we're in the group
and I start to feel
the disconnection
or you seem, like, irritated,
I think then I take it on
and it makes me feel
almost uncomfortable.
- Teddi, are you apologizing
to me,
or are you blaming me
for your behavior?
I'm a little confused here.
- The person that I saw
last night?
I was a little like,
"Who is this Teddi?"
At the end of the day,
I wasn't the one that was drunk
and said a bunch of sh--
about someone else. You were.
- This Teddi was honestly drunk
and stupid, and I--
- But you know
who tells the truth?
Drunks and children.
You have issues with me,
and you--you
I know internally
think that I am fake.
- I don't think you're fake.
She does what she needs to do
to make you feel good,
but then--
- What's wrong with that?
- That's fine
in a fake relationship.
- You think that's fake?
- I know the same sh--.
I don't know what it is in me,
but when I feel your mood,
it just triggers
something in me, and--
- You can't allow that...
- I know, and it's maybe--
- 'Cause it's not personal.
- I know, but I
take it personally.
- You can't take it on.
- I know.
- It doesn't mean,
"I don't want
to be here with her."
- I apologize about last night.
I feel bad, and I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
I appreciate the apology.
- I know.
- It's okay.
- I'm sorry.
- I'm accepting
Teddi's apology
because Teddi beats herself up
more than anyone else.
She feels bad enough.
I know it. I see it. I feel it.
[intriguing music]
- BT-Detox.
Oh, well, they must know
what's going on.
- Iced tea. Cupcakes.
- Tea's nice, Erika.
- This one has diamond.
- Oh, is this ginger?
- Look at how pretty.
It's got--are these
edible sparkles?
This is kind of really
fabulous.
- [quietly]
I want to tell you I'm sorry
if I hurt
your feelings last night.
- You did hurt my feelings.
- I know I did, and I was not--
- You hurt my feelings,
and you've never hurt
my feelings in four years...
- I know,
and I'm sorry I did it.
I feel bad.
- And I was like, "Who is this
Kyle in front of me?"
- I was not articulating what
I was trying to say.
- I appreciate that, but I have
to tell you something.
You know, you and I--you've
been very good to me,
and I was disappointed
in the way
you treated me
last night.
There are very few people
who have the ability
to hurt my feelings.
I've known Kyle
for a long time.
I consider her a close friend,
and I did not expect
those things
to come out of her mouth.
And, quite honestly,
it was out of line.
We have a very open
and honest friendship,
and it really hurt my feelings.
- Well, I thought
I was being honest,
but it was coming out
the wrong way.
And I'm sorry if I hurt
your feelings last night.
- Thank you.
- All right I gotta pee.
- Yeah. Let's go on.
- Let's do it.
- All right.
- On our way.
- We gotta pack.
- Coming up...
- I never thought I'd be
in this situation.
- I mean you never think
you're gonna be in a situation
where you have
no clothes, right?
- Or a house.
[upbeat dance music]
♪ ♪
- I'll have a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich.
- Whole wheat toast.
You know, we had
such a great time in Provence,
and, like, that group,
we've moved to, like,
a whole different level.
There's, like, a closeness.
There's a bond.
- In true Kyle form,
whenever I travel,
I always get inspired
by where I go.
So now I'm like,
"Well, maybe I need
a little French
feel to the house."
- Oh, nice.
- I still don't have a table.
[music winds down]
- It would be nice if we would
actually address that,
because
it's super embarrassing.
- We had a good time
until Kyle and Teddi
started on this mini-crusade
for two nights
about how I should be mad
that Lisa Rinna dressed up
as Erika Jayne at Coachella,
and the way she acted
at "Farrahween."
- Whew, that's a lot of--okay.
- I was like,
"Has anybody ever
even dressed up as you?"
♪ ♪
- I lost five days.
I've got the Beverly Beach
window at Kitson coming up.
I'm so excited about it,
and this is
a big moment for me.
Kitson's a landmark store
in one of the busiest,
most iconic streets
in Los Angeles.
Imagine walking up
and seeing Beverly Beach.
- So proud.
- Ah!
- Which I've got
the design concept,
but there's still
some building,
and I want it
to look unbelievable.
- Why don't you do something,
like, totally random,
like, reveal the window and
have absolutely nothing in it?
Zero.
- [sighs]
Lord, have mercy.
- Honey, that's art, babe.
That's art.
I was just giving you
some artistic ideas.
- Heaven forbid I actually
have real worry.
You know I now have the Teddi.
This is cool. I like it.
And I also have a Camille,
the cover-up.
Let's have a look, babe.
So fun.
- That looks amazing, right?
- That's a good name.
- It's got holes,
much like most of the things
that come out
of Camille's mouth.
- Cover-up with holes, genius.
- After I designed the Camille,
I found out that, well, she was
talking sh-- behind my back.
- Camille needs
to own her sh-- now.
Like, she can't have you
in her wedding
and then say not-very-nice
things about you to me.
I'm sorry, but she--
- What a bitch.
- And she--
- And not even knowing
what she said is even worse.
I am gonna see Camille tonight,
so I don't intend to tell her
most of the things
that I want to tell her,
because I feel really bad for
the situation that she's in
and I just feel like
it's not the right time.
- Well, she's in a place.
Let's support her,
be super kind.
- I'm always supportive,
and I've always supported her.
- Yeah.
That's how you need to be,
even if sometimes
she doesn't want it.
You know, she's a cover-up
with holes in it.
- Well.
[laughs]
- What can I tell you?
[upbeat percussive music]
♪ ♪
- Great. Okay.
- Do you want me to take
those bags anywhere for you?
- Well, I'm gonna give
the girls these bags,
so as soon as they walk in,
I'll give them their bags.
We're seeing Denise and Camille
for the first time
since the fires happened,
and they've lost everything.
Oh, hi.
- Oh, are you first?
- I am first.
- You look cute.
- Thanks. You look cute.
I brought them two bags
filled with clothes
so that they had something
to wear, for God's sakes.
You look pretty.
- I got my face back.
- Honey.
- Not that France glam,
whatever that was. Like--
- Hi, ladies.
- Hi.
- Well, hello.
- How's it going?
- Look at you,
bringing jammies.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
- Hi. You look cute.
Come sit down.
- Look at those boots.
- You look cute. Really cute.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
I will do a buck club soda.
- Can I have
an iced tea please?
- Can I have a Coke?
- Perfect.
I'll be right back, guys.
- Hi, my God.
How are you?
- You guys look so pretty.
- You made it! You're here.
- How are you?
I know. I'm so sorry.
- Don't apologize.
- You look so pretty.
- How are you?
- I'm actually okay.
- Are you okay?
- I am. Thank you.
- Okay.
- It was a crazy thing,
but it's all good.
- We brought some goodies.
- Oh, you did? That's so nice.
Oh, you're so cute. I know.
I have one tiny suitcase.
- I brought you flannels with--
- So cute.
- I was like,
"She loves her flannels."
- I just put
everything in there.
- You're so cute, you guys.
It was a very welcoming
and thoughtful gift,
because, at first glance,
the condition of the house
didn't look
as bad as I thought.
But looking closer,
we saw all the soot
that was in the furniture
and clothes everywhere.
We had five minutes
to get our sh--.
- No. Five?
- Oh, yeah.
- That's ----ing terrifying.
- Hey, Camille.
- Camille!
- Hello!
- You look amazing.
- I do?
- Hi, sweetie. Oh.
- Oh, my God. How are you?
- I'm not as bad as you.
- Jesus crimine.
- Well, Lisa brought you
all the QVC clothes.
- Oh!
- And then Teddi
brought you these.
- I never thought I'd be
in this situation.
- I mean you never think you're
gonna be in a situation
where you have
no clothes, right?
- Or a house. Or a house.
- Can I get you anything
besides water?
- I'd like a salad.
- I think I'll do
the buffalo-style cauliflower.
- Can I have chicken meatballs
for my meal?
- And then I'll have Casamigos
reposado neat.
- Thank you, ladies.
- It is so real.
It's overwhelming.
- Of course it is.
- I don't even know
where to begin.
I mean, we were evacuated
from our house. Scott passed.
- Oh, right, which again,
we're so sorry about that.
- Camille, you have been
through it.
- It was just
a devastating loss for me.
He was my assistant
for 22 years.
He was a great man.
Oh, Mercury's back
in retrograde.
It's bad for Virgos,
and I'm a Virgo,
so it stinks, right?
- Uh-oh.
- Scott's a Virgo.
Tough times for us.
[laughter]
Such a great loss.
- Where the hell
are you gonna live?
- I don't know.
- But the house
at the beach is okay?
- That house
was under construction.
- No, I know, but it survived?
It didn't burn down?
- Yeah. That's fine.
You're right. You're right.
That--thank God.
I can't say
I'm a homeless person,
because I do have
other properties,
but I'm feeling homeless.
It's not a vacation house.
That was my main home.
- Chicken meatballs.
- And it's difficult.
It is difficult.
- Then my daughter's getting
all antsy with me.
- Oh, my God.
- And she's like, "I'm bored."
She was being such a diva.
- Ay-yi-yi.
- Right?
And then, on top of it,
my business manager,
she's out of the country
for two weeks.
- Ay-yi-yi.
- I swear, I'm cursed.
- No.
- Life just happens
the way it happens.
- My luck just sucks.
- I will say this, and I'm sure
Camille might say
the same thing:
My marriage,
in the last couple months,
has been really put through
a lot of ----ing tests.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God. I mean...
- You know what?
- What a rough start.
- Yeah.
No, it's--I mean
we've been tested.
- I mean we are being tested.
- Yeah, we have.
- Talk about being frustrated.
This little nugget today.
David was saying to me,
"Well, you know what?
We lost, you know,
our boots and our skis."
I was like,
"Really, dude? Really?"
We can do this another day,
but he had to get
----ing ski boots.
- He's being a real dude.
It's dude coping.
- I was so disgusted,
at that point,
I didn't even want
to get boots.
So there's a consignment store
across the street.
I need a coat, so I found
a nice little Burberry.
Like, it's, like, 30 years old.
Probably it's freaking dusty,
for God's sake.
- Wow. Okay.
- I'm like, "At least
I have a coat now."
- Why would anybody have any
empathy for the wealthy?
- But she and I are very lucky
and fortunate
that we are in a position
where we have the financial
means to be able to rebuild,
and--
- I'm not sure that Denise
fully understands.
She's very lucky
that her rented house
did not get burned down.
Thank you so much, you ladies,
for coming to see us.
- Let's do a toast.
New beginnings.
- New beginnings.
- Fresh start. Fresh start.
- All new beginnings.
- I needed this. Thank you.
- Coming up...
- You want to go low?
We'll go low.
- I'm trying to protect you.
- Oh, you know what?
(BLEEP) off, Camille.
[upbeat music]
- Oh, my God, PK,
I'm so stressed.
- You're making me nervous now.
- Well, I'm so nervous.
You don't understand--
look what I've gone through.
You don't know
how much money and time...
- Well, I can't see what...
- I've put into it.
- You've been through
until I see it.
- Welcome.
- Oh, my God.
How are you doing?
What's up, PK?
- Oh, my God. I'm so stressed.
Beverly Beach only sells
product on their website.
- I mean just show me
the window.
Let's have a look at it.
Come on.
- So to be branching out
into stores,
I'm freaking out.
I've got a lot to do,
and I've got a lot to prove.
[quirky music]
Okay, listen. I don't like
the way this looks.
It just looks
really disproportionate.
This is supposed to be
like a workout room.
Beverly Beach body.
It's a strong, empowered woman.
They don't look strong.
I'm not getting the sense
that I need to feel over here.
The man should be over here
with the surfboard over here.
- Okay.
- Right? With the man.
- Honey, I'm pleased you said
something about that,
'cause it's not working.
- Yeah.
It's supposed to be a sandbox
with diamond sand.
I've got to get in there
and do it myself.
I can't bear
when someone's doing it.
I need to do it myself
with my own hands.
Ethan, I need
to get in here, baby.
- And it was gonna be a sandbox
with diamonds, and it's not.
Throws her.
- And then he's kind of
standing by the board, okay?
I've got my friends coming
to see my window tonight,
and all I want is
for everything to be perfect.
No, it just doesn't.
Oh, I've got to get the
----ing tree out of the way.
And here I am putting out fires
in the 11th hour.
I'm just gonna position them,
and then we can put
the down, okay?
Now, let me have
all the kids' accessories.
- It's looking better already.
Better.
- I've got to come see it.
- Honey, you've made so much
progress just with that--
- Thank you very much!
Thank you very much.
- Nice work. High five.
High five.
- It's already
looking a bit better.
[energetic music]
♪ ♪
- Whoa.
- Hi, welcome to ba&sh.
- Sorry. The door's like--
I mean, like, "whoa."
Oh, I love that dress
right there.
- This one here?
- Yeah. So cute.
- We have it in a beautiful
purple option.
- Hi.
- Hi. How's it going?
- Good. How are you?
- Good, so what do you need?
- Everything.
- Is everything
just in trash bags?
- Yeah, what we grabbed
is in trash bags,
except for my suitcase that
I was gonna take to France.
- Denise is, like,
cool as a cucumber,
no matter what the topic is.
- But it's all
smoke damaged, so...
- If I had,
like, 1% of her chill,
I'd be in a good place.
- I don't have any clothes,
and we have
Dorit's thing tonight.
- Well, you can borrow anything
whenever you want also.
- You're very cute.
This is cute.
- I know.
- Look at all this.
- So much cute stuff.
- Oh, I love this.
- Oh, this would look
pretty on you.
- Oh, that's pretty.
I like that too.
Kind of '70s vibe. I love it.
- So right now,
you have no idea,
like, what the next steps are?
- First of all, you can't even
live, right now, in Malibu,
because they've got all
the power lines down, so...
- I'm so sorry.
- I don't know.
I feel terrible for Camille,
'cause she lost her home.
- I know.
- You know?
I know that everyone was
a little upset with Camille.
- It's actually scary someone
can be so nice, so friendly,
and make you feel like you guys
are well past anything
that happened last year
and then go back to it
to someone else
as if she's got
some residual feelings.
- It's like you think,
"Well, what is
she saying about me?"
- But I'm glad that no one
brought it up the other night.
- Yeah. You know,
we all wanted to kind of
have a conversation with her
before Provence, and--
- Right.
- But now, it's like,
"Let's just wait," and--
- I know.
I mean, what do you say, after
everything she's going through?
- I mean that's why I just,
like, brought her jammies,
a journal. I'm like--
- That was sweet of you.
That was nice.
Does Camille seem okay to you?
- Well, I mean, I don't know.
I mean, who am I to judge?
I have no idea how I would be.
- No matter what challenges
I've gone through,
I always try
to find something positive.
- But I think she's probably
going through, like,
a rough time, because you can
see the highs and the lows.
- I think so too.
- You know?
- I wish Camille would maybe
look at the situation as,
yes, it's traumatic
and devastating,
but it's also an opportunity
to have a fresh start.
So I want to hear
about the trip.
- I may have gotten to be
a hot mess one day.
I, like,
woke up the next day,
and I was like,
"What happened?"
I apparently was a dick
to Erika and I regret it
and I had to apologize
to her the next day.
- I'm sure she understood.
Don't beat yourself up.
- I would have hoped
you would have been
a bigger hot mess than me.
- I know my limit.
- I know my limit when I'm
drinking regular alcohol, and--
- That's why I don't do that.
You can't go off.
You can't go sideways with it.
You got to stick
with what you know.
- I know.
- This is cute too.
- That could work.
- I think this'll be cute.
I cannot try it on, though.
I'm just--I'm too lazy.
- Should we go close out?
- Yeah.
- So the total comes out
to $366.82.
- Thank you.
- That's a bargain
for Beverly Hills.
- Very fair price.
- It is.
- Here you go.
- Thank you so much.
all: Thank you.
- Appreciate it.
- Have a great day.
- Thank you, you too.
This is heavy.
Whoa.
[both laugh]
- Coming up...
- She should have come
to your wedding.
- She should have come.
She should have come.
- You let her off the hook.
You did let her off the hook.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- My sweetheart.
- Hey, how are you?
- What would I do without you?
- How are you?
Nice to see you.
How you doing?
- I'm a little stressed,
but I feel good.
Okay. Let me see inside.
Hello.
This year,
Beverly Beach is taking off.
I mean, we have done so much
in one year.
I've got a lot of new pieces
in the collection.
I've got a men's line.
I've got cover-ups, athleisure.
So you've put
one of everything out, Ash?
- Mesh, mesh, biker, cropped,
complicated, classic.
- I am so excited
for all my friends to see it.
It's time to celebrate.
Okay, perfect.
London, we finally got there.
I love a reveal.
Here's my husband.
- Hi, baby.
- My love.
- Thank you.
- Rinna!
- Hello! This is so exciting!
This is your big night.
- You look so pretty.
- Thank you, so do you.
- Hello, Camille!
Thank you for coming.
- Camille, hi!
- Oh, you're welcome.
- Hello, how are you?
- I think we've met once
before.
- It's so good to see you.
- How are you?
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hi, hon.
- Good to see you.
- You look beautiful.
- So do you.
- Is this your whole line,
and this is--
- This is my athleisure. Yep.
This is my signature camo.
You see the palm trees, guys?
- I love it.
- Very cute.
- This is the Camille.
- Is it? Oh, my God!
I got something named after me.
It's the Camille.
- Oh!
- I love that.
- Congratulations.
- This is the Teddi.
- Oh, cute!
- I love it.
You know what? I love this,
'cause this is sporty.
- The fact that Dorit went and
named a suit after Teddi is,
like, the biggest olive branch
that I've ever seen.
- I was left out on purpose.
Oh, that kind of sucks.
- I don't have to make excuses
for it.
It's my life, you know,
and I'm gonna name it
after the women that really
bring something to my life.
- Thank you.
- Very cool.
- Maybe Dorit naming a cover-up
after Camille is really
to signify that Camille
is always covering up
her tracks.
It's kind of perfect.
- The more time I spend
with you, the more I feel bad
for anything
I've ever said in the past.
- Yeah.
- Hi!
- How are you?
- Oh, it's so good to see you.
- Oh, I'm so excited.
Look at this. Whoo!
- Whoo!
- I know, right?
Isn't that hot?
- Hey!
- Hi.
- Long time no see.
- How are you?
[overlapping chatter]
- Let's go see the window.
Come on. Let's all grab
a glass of champagne.
Okay, this is my first window
I've ever designed, guys.
- Okay. Can't wait.
- We're so excited for you.
- Are we going outside?
- Yes.
- Let's do it.
- If you live in LA,
everyone knows
that seeing the Kitson window
is a big deal.
- Cory, this is a big moment.
- So it's a really big deal
to have Beverly Beach,
by Dorit in the Kitson window.
- Beverly Beach, here we go.
Here we go. Cheers.
- Whoo!
all: Oh!
[all exclaiming]
- It looks amazing!
- It looks so good.
- All the gold.
The glitter. The gold.
- It makes you want it.
- It's genius, actually.
- I love it.
- Genius?
Her reveal was a garbage bag.
- Hey, girls!
I'm late,
but I'm right on time.
Congratulations.
- Thank you!
Oh, I'm so glad you made it.
- Oh, look at you. I like it.
- Look at those beads.
- Thank you for coming,
honestly, and I'm taking you
guys for dinner.
- Yay!
- Let's do it.
- Honey, have fun.
I'll see you at home.
- Aaron's gonna be
very disappointed.
- Sorry, Aaron.
You've got Edwin.
He'll keep you company.
- Yeah.
- Get on in here.
- Road trip.
- Dorit, I'm excited for you.
- Just came together,
but there was a lot of fires
to put--oh, sorry.
No pun intended.
- No, no, no, no.
- Oh, my God.
Bad choice of words.
- No, no, no. It's okay.
I'm not mad. I promise you.
- I'm sorry!
Oh, yeah.
"No problem. Yeah, no problem."
That is gonna haunt me
for a long time.
Sure of it.
Yeah.
- Coming up...
- In 2008, his business went
bust. He claimed bankruptcy.
- Yeah, I'm being
honest about it.
- What does that have
to do with today?
This is 10 years ago.
What are you talking about?
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
This is our hostess.
- Let's get you all
to your table.
- Thank you.
- So here you are.
- Anywhere you like.
- Oh, this is so nice,
and next to the fire.
- How are you, honey?
- I'm good. How are you?
- You look pretty.
- Thank you.
- I love anything
with a fireplace.
- There was one president
that used to have it
in the summertime too.
- Oh, I do too.
I have the air condition up--
- You have the AC
and the fireplace running...
- Yes. Yeah.
- I love you for that.
After our trip, I want Kyle to
know that, "Hey, we're good."
It's okay. It doesn't matter.
It's in the past.
Let's go forward.
You want to share beets
and burrata
and then do the squash?
- Oh, are we ordering?
Butternut squash soup.
- I'll have beets and burrata.
- I'm gonna do the wagyu
New York done well.
- And I would love to try
the short ribs.
- Perfect. Thank you.
- So you guys, we're gonna have
an event for the agency
because we're celebrating
opening our 25th agency.
- 25?
- Wow.
- So we're gonna have
a party Thursday
at one of their listings,
downtown LA.
- Okay, great.
- Hopefully, you guys
can all make it.
- Absolutely.
- I'll check my schedule.
I think I can.
- All right.
- Oh, that looks good.
Did you get that?
- So I think we need
to toast Dorit.
- Yes!
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- I mean I gotta
give it to Dorit.
We've come a long way.
- A long way.
- We have really gone
from here...
Were people doing coke
in your bathroom?
- Oh, come on.
both: To here.
- So sorry. I'm so sorry.
You don't deserve this.
You don't deserve it.
Who'd have ever ----ing
thought it?
- I know.
There's been certain things
this year with a friend of ours
that we haven't been able
to move through, and...
- Has anybody seen her?
- No.
She's chosen
not to see any of us.
- Have you seen
Lisa Vanderpump?
- I have not.
- So nobody. Just done.
- Really hurtful.
- Is it sad?
- It's really sad.
- This is the thing I think
that burdens me most is that
she's had endless invites
and has not turned up.
Not turned up.
- Of course.
- And she was also invited
to both your shower
and your wedding...
- And didn't show up.
- She should have come.
She should have come.
- But you let her off the hook.
You did let her off the hook.
- She should have come.
- And she should have come
to your wedding.
- She should have come.
- I know.
- And you shouldn't have
let her off the hook so easily,
but you did let her
off the hook.
- Well, I guess
I was weak then.
- I don't think
this is fair to her.
She just lost
her ----ing house.
Why are we talking
about this right now?
Seriously, just let it go.
- You know what? We let it go.
We weren't gonna bring it up
when you, like--
- No, no, no, no.
But I don't want you
holding onto that.
- Yeah.
We're not gonna bring it up
when you've lost
your ----ing house.
- But me losing my house
is independent
from that situation,
and if you're hurt,
I need to know
that you're hurt.
- You've been through a lot.
You don't need to hear
from your friends...
- No, no, no.
Please bring it up.
- It was, like, conversations
had about Lisa...
- She should have been here
to be here for me
and to dismiss all of this.
- Was completely contradictory
to what was said
in the "People" magazine
interview
saying Lisa's
been so amazing
and that she was the one who
encouraged me to take the lead.
- So we just felt, like,
a little punched.
- It was, like, bad timing.
Do you know what I mean?
I am absolutely doing my best
to be gentle with Camille.
It was, as we were pulling out,
and we're, like, reading
the article,
we're just kind of like, "Ah!"
And I don't necessarily
want to bring this up,
but she gave me
the cue that said,
"Let's talk about it.
I want to know."
- And I didn't
deliberately mean
to hurt any of your feelings.
- No, but that's very mature
of Camille
that you're
able to separate it.
- I'm actually surprised
it's coming up tonight,
'cause I never thought
we'd ever mention it.
You know what I mean?
- No, but I am so glad
you were because
I have to be more in
the moment and say,
"Hey, this is how I feel."
- With Camille there,
is no middle ground.
She will either say
whatever it is to appease you,
or she'll come
at you with a dagger.
- But I think what's confusing
is if you say one thing...
- And then you say something
to somebody else.
- To us, and then you say
something else.
To me, then I worry, "What is
she saying behind my back?"
- Have I talked about some of
the girls behind their backs
when they've hurt me?
Yes, I have,
but I am fed up with Teddi
always pushing herself
into these conversations.
I'm sure you've said stuff
about me.
Or maybe you haven't.
I don't know.
- Everything I've said
I've said to your face,
that you flip-flop...
- That's fine. Okay.
- And you speak out of both
sides of your mouth.
Both things I've said
to your face.
- Okay. There you go.
You know, Teddi, at times,
has talked about
certain ladies, too,
so she's not being
quite honest with herself.
You know, we all need
to take a step back here
and think about the things
we've said about each other.
So I'm the flip-flopper,
and you're a know-it-all.
- Fine.
- I've been called a lot worse.
- Camille, you're a stupid
(BLEEP).
- You're such a ----ing
liar, Camille.
- Conniving,
passive-aggressive,
narcissistic, catty,
jealous, cruel.
- So like, that was easy.
- I know, and...
- That was easy,
compared to the sh--
that I've been through,
in the past.
- I really didn't want
to mention this, but...
- No, no. It's okay.
- But I think it's best
to just get it out.
- It came out I had said,
you know,
that you said a few things
about Dorit, and you know--
- Oh, yeah.
I've said some things.
- She never told her
what you said.
- No. I didn't.
I had said, "Ask Camille."
I will tell you.
It was before my 50th.
I had to get to know you.
I didn't trust you. I didn't.
Dorit, I didn't.
I didn't know where you were
getting all this money from.
- What do you mean where I was
getting all what money from?
- Well, I talked to...
- What are you talking about?
- You want honesty?
Do you really want to hear
what I have to say?
People want to know
what I know.
Be careful what you wish for
and what you ask for.
[tense music]
- I didn't know where you were
getting all this money from.
- What are you talking about?
- Your husband was telling me
how he filed for bankruptcy.
- So I'm the kid who ended up--
that grew up in a normal place
and ended up a billionaire,
out of nowhere.
And now, I got taken down,
because if you get too big
for your boots,
you get taken down.
- It can happen.
- So you have to ride that.
- And I was just like,
"Wow. Where does she get
all this fancy cars?"
This Bentley
she's driving around with.
All these diamonds.
Your makeup. Your glam.
Your clothes are outstanding.
They're beautiful.
I always said that.
Dorit comes across
as somebody that's pretending
to be somebody she's not.
- Happy birthday, baby.
- Oh, my God. No!
- We're landing on a boat.
- Oh, my gosh.
My husband's thoroughly
gonna kill me. $950.
- In this town,
in Beverly Hills,
you have to be leery of people
that live way
beyond their means,
because you don't know
who's trying to be your friend
that's in it
for the wrong reasons.
- My husband built a
$2 billion business from zero.
- And I think that's fantastic.
- Let me finish.
Let me clear it up for you.
- Okay.
- In 2008,
his business went bust.
He claimed bankruptcy.
- Yeah, and he was
talking about it.
- Much like many,
many successful men.
- Yes. Yes, and he was
very honest about it.
- But what does that have
to do with today?
This is 10 years ago.
What are you talking about?
- Your husband owes out
a lot of money
to somebody
very, very close to me.
- Oh, please.
- No. It's true. No. It's true.
- This crosses a line.
- No, this is real.
- Go ahead. Go ahead.
Give it to me.
- You came after me.
I'm telling you--
- I came after you!
- This crosses a line.
- Yes, you did.
- PK doesn't owe any of your
friends any money, sweetheart.
- You wanted to know
what I said.
- You were sitting there
talking about
our financial state.
- But you didn't go as far
as you just went now.
- I just feel that, you know,
Dorit--there's a little bit
of phoniness,
and I don't know
where she's at.
Like, I don't know if she has
all the money she has,
or is it a show?
- You were more vague.
I'm sorry.
I know what going after
somebody's husband is.
But no. Wait. Excuse me.
Did you just say,
"Let's talk about the husband?"
- Let's not talk about
what you don't want out.
- Never go near my husband.
- Everybody will know.
- Do you ----ing
understand that?
Don't you ever go
after my ----ing husband!
- Everybody will know, bitch.
- You just don't ----ing do it.
Thank you.
- I know things, for certain.
I know for certain.
- Listen, you can give me
whatever you want, Camille.
Whatever you think--
- You don't want me to.
You don't want me to.
- Camille, don't you dare
threaten me, sweetheart.
- I'm not threatening.
- Let me tell you something--
- I want--I'm protecting you.
I'm protecting you right now.
- You're protecting me?
- Oh, yes.
- You're a little snake.
That's what you are.
- No, I'm not.
I'm protecting you.
It seems like there's things
that maybe PK hasn't been
so open about,
in their financial situation.
- You want to go low?
We'll go low.
- I'm trying to protect you.
- Oh, you know what?
(BLEEP) off, Camille.
- I don't want
to say something,
because maybe she doesn't know
what's going on,
or maybe her husband's
not telling her everything.
- Honestly.
- Don't tell me to ----ing...
you called me a (BLEEP)
last year.
- Honestly, I don't even want
to hear it right now.
- I can't with this
----ing girl. I can't.
- I know your husband owes
over $1 million to a company.
- Don't say anything else.
- Oh, I can't wait to tell PK.
Oof.
- Camille?
- It's bad.
There's lawyers involved too.
- Don't indulge her.
- What's going on, baby?
- Just keep eating.
- Sweetheart, I'm done talking
to you
and all of the nonsense
that you have.
- Okay, fine.
It's not nonsense.
- And you know what?
For everybody, as far as--
- It's the truth.
I'm not lying.
- Camille...
- I told her I didn't want
to talk about this...
- You need to stop.
- Because I wanted
to protect her.
- Don't. Protecting is not
saying anything, at all.
Stop.
- Okay. Then I won't.
- Please.
- But then, if I don't say
anything, then I'm two-faced?
- This crosses a ----ing line.
This involves her husband.
It's--
- Camille, maybe you should
do this in private.
- I don't think
the timing was great.
- It's not great.
It wasn't great.
- I don't think this is great
though, either, so--
- This, everybody
just gets hurt.
- This crosses a ----ing line.
- This has to stop.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Go around and attack Camille--
- It was not a go-around.
It wasn't.
- I'm saying you talking...
- Lisa.
- It felt like that.
One, after another,
after another.
- I didn't say anything.
- At some point,
it does feel overwhelming.
- Where you went is so low,
as far as I'm concerned.
- Because you kept
coming after me.
- Okay.
- But that's not--two wrongs
don't make a right either.
- That is true. That is true.
- But we don't--
- But she's denying something
that I know.
- Go below the belt.
We don't go below
the ----ing belt.
- I've seen Camille talk out
of both sides of her mouth,
but this Camille?
She's downright
vicious and mean.
After tonight, I'm done.
- There are certain things
we don't--you know,
don't need to be talked about,
at a big ----ing table
at goddamn dinner.
- Yeah. There you go.
- Yep.
- Anywho, before that,
I had a really nice time
with all of you, at dinner.
- Well, I tell you what.
- This is like a round table.
[all speaking at once]
- But it's okay.
- I'll see you all Thursday.
- Yeah.
- Sounds great.
- Next time,
on the season finale
of "The Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills"...
- Hey, girl.
I'm wearing a wig tonight.
- Wearing a wig tonight.
Me too.
- Thank you guys so much
for being here.
I am just so incredibly proud
of my husband
and all of you guys in the--
- I did not come after you.
- That was not cool.
- I was honest with you.
- How disgusting are you?
- Do you know what?
- So let's figure out
who the mean girl really is.
And when I found out
that she slapped my daughter
I was disgusted.
- You know I never
slapped your daughter.
- That's not how
my daughter tells it.
- Camille, you know when we
go through...
- No, I don't know,
Denise, so back off.
- You ----ing back off.
- All hail Lisa Vanderpump.
[cheers and applause]
- I'm sorry about you and Kyle.
- If you love somebody,
you trust them.
Stupidly, over the years,
always.
- I bumped into
Lisa Vanderpump.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- To learn more about
the Housewives,
go to bravotv.com.